#summary Compatibility of Macifom with free and commercial programs.
#labels Phase-QA

= Introduction =

The following list details Macifom's compatibility status with various free and commercial programs. Please contribute your own test results.

Last Updated for v0.12

= Details =

(Test Programs)
  * nestest.nes - Passes for all legal opcodes.
  * Blargg's NES CPU Test 5 - Passes for all legal opcodes.
  * Palette RAM (Blargg's PPU Tests 2009-09-15b) - Passes.
  * Power-up Palette (Blargg's PPU Tests 2009-09-15b) - Fails.
  * Sprite RAM (Blargg's PPU Tests 2009-09-15b) - Passes.
  * VBL Clear Time (Blargg's PPU Tests 2009-09-15b) - Fails.
  * VRAM Access (Blargg's PPU Tests 2009-09-15b) - Passes.
  * Branch Basics (Blargg's Branch Timing Tests) - Passes.
  * Backward Branches (Blargg's Branch Timing Tests) - Passes.
  * Forward Branches (Blargg's Branch Timing Tests) - Passes.
  * Blargg's CLI Latency Test - Fails.
  * Blargg's CPU Timing Test 6 - Passes for legal opcodes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Basics - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Alignment - Passes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Corners - Passes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Flip - Passes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Left Edge - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Right Edge - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Screen Bottom - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Double Height - Passes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Timing Basics - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Order - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Edge Timing - Fails.
  * Blargg's Sprite Hit Timing - Fails (#5).
  * Blargg's Sprite Overflow Basics - Passes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Overflow Details - Passes.
  * Blargg's Sprite Overflow Timing - Fails (#2).
  * Blargg's Sprite Overflow Obscure - Fails (#2).
  * Blargg's Sprite Overflow Emulation - Fails (#3).
  * scanline.nes - All tests fail.

(Commercial Programs)
Awaiting User Contributions